c:\users\novikov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PharmStore\PharmStoreWeb\bin\PharmStoreWeb.dll.config
c:\users\novikov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PharmStore\PharmStoreWeb\bin\PharmStoreWeb.dll
c:\users\novikov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PharmStore\PharmStoreWeb\bin\PharmStoreWeb.pdb
c:\users\novikov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PharmStore\PharmStoreWeb\bin\AjaxMin.dll
c:\users\novikov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PharmStore\PharmStoreWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\novikov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PharmStore\PharmStoreWeb\bin\BundleTransformer.Autoprefixer.dll
c:\users\novikov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PharmStore\PharmStoreWeb\bin\BundleTransformer.Core.dll
c:\users\novikov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PharmStore\PharmStoreWeb\bin\BundleTransformer.Less.dll
c:\users\novikov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PharmStore\PharmStoreWeb\bin\BundleTransformer.MicrosoftAjax.dll
c:\users\novikov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PharmStore\PharmStoreWeb\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\novikov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PharmStore\PharmStoreWeb\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.Core.dll
c:\users\novikov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PharmStore\PharmStoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\novikov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PharmStore\PharmStoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\novikov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PharmStore\PharmStoreWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\novikov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PharmStore\PharmStoreWeb\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\users\novikov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PharmStore\PharmStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\novikov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PharmStore\PharmStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\novikov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PharmStore\PharmStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\novikov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PharmStore\PharmStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\novikov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PharmStore\PharmStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\novikov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PharmStore\PharmStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\novikov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PharmStore\PharmStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\novikov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PharmStore\PharmStoreWeb\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\novikov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PharmStore\PharmStoreWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\novikov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PharmStore\PharmStoreWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\novikov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PharmStore\PharmStoreWeb\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
c:\users\novikov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PharmStore\PharmStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\novikov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PharmStore\PharmStoreWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\novikov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PharmStore\PharmStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\novikov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PharmStore\PharmStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\novikov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PharmStore\PharmStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\novikov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PharmStore\PharmStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\novikov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PharmStore\PharmStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\novikov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PharmStore\PharmStoreWeb\bin\ru-ru\BundleTransformer.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\novikov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PharmStore\PharmStoreWeb\bin\ru-ru\BundleTransformer.Less.resources.dll
c:\users\novikov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PharmStore\PharmStoreWeb\bin\ru-ru\BundleTransformer.MicrosoftAjax.resources.dll
c:\users\novikov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PharmStore\PharmStoreWeb\bin\ru-ru\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\novikov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PharmStore\PharmStoreWeb\obj\Debug\PharmStoreWeb.dll
c:\users\novikov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PharmStore\PharmStoreWeb\obj\Debug\PharmStoreWeb.pdb
c:\users\novikov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PharmStore\PharmStoreWeb\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.Msie.dll
c:\users\novikov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PharmStore\PharmStoreWeb\bin\MsieJavaScriptEngine.dll
c:\users\novikov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PharmStore\PharmStoreWeb\bin\ru-ru\MsieJavaScriptEngine.resources.dll
